Half life reskin project To do list
has 3 parts
reskin, hhx hud, player skins, hostile pack with sfx

RESKIN TO DO

finish inital merge


get g36 zm66 sprite setup and cut

number s HL1's or HL2 Beta nixie numbers?
source from hl1 mmod for the latter?


emmy crowbar is reskined to be a crowbar 

HUD TO DO






PLAYER SKIN TO DO
make the ross scott player sfx replacer into a skin
make HL1 Health cross a Mugshot

edit up set of helmetless genric hecu death frames from the shepard death sprites


make medic variant

make engineer variant



// random ideas/other cool ideas.
deployable camera that is mounted to cieling,  
has a very large screen and can be aimed pressing fire activates things it aims at. 
drains battery when left on, alt fire to disable like the herp, 
perhaps  have a ping abilty with it? or a spot light mode?

make it so cameras can spawn on floor decor or monster spawn points not replacing the original
look into bntz hackpad
have cameras be hackable 

hackpad
	spawns on automaps
	replaces automaps firsttime picking one up grants full automap to the finder
	grants full access to cameras deployed on the map already, can be used to hack the static cameras

new derp variant the kludge drone from brava
	can hack enemy derps/herps/kludge drones
	can jump
	can still be used to activate linedefs
	no on board weapon
	uses cells for its ammo
	






siege ping
adjust sound effect for aspot siege to be louder


version maybe twitch
needs stuff

gun ideas
HL spas-12


map thoughts

train level

EOTL like story?


derp
A1 -front view
A5 - back
A7 A3 - side view

A6 A4 - backangled


A8 A2 - front from 45


I own a Brontornis Ultralight Cannon for home defense, since that's what the archangels intended. Four jackboots break into the sector. "It's coward killing time!" As I grab my Garrison Armor and Brontornis Ultralight Cannon. Blow a bowling ball sized hole through the first beast, he's dead on the spot. Draw my ZM66 Assault Rifle on the second man, miss him entirely because it jams, so I throw the mag at the neighbors Babuin. I have to resort to the Vulcan Gatling Gun mounted at the top of the stairs loaded with 4mm, "Everyone! Look at meeeeeee!" the 4mm shreds two men in the line of fire, the sound and extra shrapnel set off nearby ammo cans. Jab myself with Berserk and charge the last terrified dimwit. He Bleeds out waiting on the Healer Imps to arrive because Berserk instantly turns all beasties to gibs. Just as the Archangels intended
-thomased22